but there are some great domestic fights
out there to be had as well with the
likes of Marty Murray and Ely and
someone that keeps on mentioning your
name Chris Eubank jr. Chris Eubank jr.
he sucks cock he's so shares a joke
honestly this terrible khushu Bank jr.
exists
you know what I would love to say what
when I saw him
the man's a funny yeah honestly he is
he's a completely he's dad is I would do
to Chris Eubank jr. what Kawasaki down
to his dad play with him absolute
claiming he's shit I mean if I couldn't
if I couldn't because she backed juninho
five rounds I swear my son's life I'd
give up boxing old I would I'll be
disgusted me dad would probably beat me
over chain if I didn't beat him five
rounds didn't kill me snug it fuck if I
didn't beat him in five six rounds I'll
go back to a site where I live I got
shot
honestly he is a joke he is terrible
he's just just rubbish all in out shit
seriously shit so I'm gonna go I'm
mentioning but yeah Andy Lee good fire
my Mary good fire yeah maybe in summer
whenever they want goes like this and
I'll be ready whenever I mean I'm sure
there will be as well I mean get on
maybe listen to every with the domestic
fights it they happen only if the
money's dead because at the minute
handle he hasn't got all my time arias
ago at all I've got the British in that
but you know I haven't got word toll so
I think the first one to capitalize on
the ball at all against you know the
Europe the middleweight in the in
British and Britain I think that you
know that can make we need a world whole
in Broome to make big domestic fight
another minute I mean everybody wants me
to see see me be cush Ewbank June I got
no I tell what I would do now odd ring
Frank wanted a yeah and I would say to
Frank one Frank one let the European
title go
I don't you have been told
afraid if cush you they wanted yeah I
would say to Frank Frank I dun wanna
fight for the European leave the
European leave the world soul I'll fight
em for the breach
not that I need him some Tomatoes he's
on a couple of ground fight Joey's on
2500 pound a fight he's a lady
his dad's he's dad a option for
Academy's little shitbag Wayne carries
yeah I would fight him tomorrow I'm fine
I'm the jerk off I'm on the July shaft
he wanted it that's how Compton I'm
beating him even nettled even it could
tie my boats up he's rubbish
matter of fact if I'll probably see him
I'll probably slap him cuz he's arrogant
get someone at a height arrogant people
I need any do you rub me up listen I'm
one of the best boxers in the game or I
can at middleweight on your toes not
getting it slick but I would make it a
physical fight with him old guy and
stand toe-to-toe and have a war then I'm
fine endless who is the best man